Hello and welcome to my MADA Spring 2026 Project repository!

# Template structure and content

* The `assets` folder contains files that are manually generated schematics/diagrams, BibTeX files, CSL style files, PDFs of references, and other such content. Basically add anything that needs to be part of your project but that doesn't fit into the other categories.

* All code goes into the `code` folder and subfolders. 
* All data goes into the `data` folder and subfolders. 

* The `products` folder and its subfolders should contain all _deliverables_, such as reports, manuscripts, presentations, posters, Shiny web apps, etc. Those should generally be made with Quarto/R. As needed, other formats can be used. A few examples are provided.
  - The  `manuscript` subfolder contains a template for a report written as Quarto file. If you access this repository as part of the [Modern Applied Data Science course](https://andreashandel.github.io/MADAcourse/), the sections are guides for your project. If you found your way to this repository outside the course, you might only be interested in seeing how the file pulls in results and references and generates a word document as output, without paying attention to the detailed structure. There is also a sub-folder containing an example for a supplementary material file.
  - The `poster` subfolder is a placeholder for a future Quarto based poster. See more comments in that readme. 
  - The `report` subfolder contains an example of an HTML-formatted report. It's basically the same as the manuscript, but a different output format.
  - The `presentation` subfolder contains a basic example of slides made with Quarto.
  

* The `results` folder should contain all automatically/code generated output. This includes figures, tables, results from analyses that are later used in figures or tables, and other outputs. It is generally recommended to save objects, including tables, as serialized R data (`.Rds`) files. Other formats, e.g. `.csv` for tables, can be useful for use downstream and should be used as needed. All content in these folders should be automatically generated by code. Manually generated results should be avoided as much as possible. If absolutely necessary, they go into the `assets` folder.


* There are multiple special files in the repo.
  * `readme.md`: this file contains instructions or details about the folder it
  is located in. You are reading the project-level `readme.md` file right now. There is a `readme` in almost every folder.
  * `data-analysis-template.Rproj` is a file that tells RStudio that this is the main folder for a project. Rename if you want.
  * a few "hidden" files and folders (they start with a `.` and depending on how your OS is configured, you might not see them). You can probably ignore them.

